docs: improve readme (#402)
City-of-Helsinki/palvelutarjotin-ui: README.md

    - [Pre-commit Hook](#pre-commit-hook)
    - [Commit-msg Hook](#commit-msg-hook)
- [Available Scripts](#available-scripts)
  - [`yarn dev`](#yarn-dev)
  - [`yarn build`](#yarn-build)
  - [`yarn start`](#yarn-start)
  - [`yarn codegen`](#yarn-codegen)
  - [`yarn lint`](#yarn-lint)
  - [`yarn format:code`](#yarn-formatcode)
  - [`yarn test`](#yarn-test)
  - [`yarn test:changed`](#yarn-testchanged)
  - [`yarn test:coverage`](#yarn-testcoverage)
  - [`yarn test:debug`](#yarn-testdebug)
- [Headless CMS](#headless-cms)
  - [Headless CMS React Components -lib](#headless-cms-react-components--lib)
- [Releases, changelogs and deployments](#releases-changelogs-and-deployments)
  - [Conventional Commits](#conventional-commits)
  - [Releasable units](#releasable-units)
  - [Configuration](#configuration)
  - [Troubleshoting release-please](#troubleshoting-release-please)
    - [Fix merge conflicts by running release-please -action manually](#fix-merge-conflicts-by-running-release-please--action-manually)
  - [Deployments](#deployments)
- [Learn More](#learn-more)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## About Kultus

> **What is it?**
> A service for educators to find and book culture and leisure sectors activities from ecosystem for their group, helps providers process significantly.
> 
> Make booking process easier to all participant (front and back end)
> - help educators to find activities
> - help enrolment process
> - help providers (culture and leisure department and partly metropolitan-area ecosystem) to show activities
> - gather data (equal possibilities and use to all group, use of Kuva´s work, resource needs)
> 
> **Roles**
> 
> - Educator can be school or kindergarden teacher who seeks educational activities for study groups.
> - Provider is third party user or user from KUVA services who wants to provide activities for educators
> - Admin manages rights and pages, modifies front page, categories and newsletter, statistics

Reviewer: How about something like this? Some consolidation of terms (i.e. educator/teacher -> teacher) for clarity, very high level "headings" i.e. what/why/who etc for ease of high level grasping of the subject at hand:
```suggestion
**What is it?**

A service for teachers to find and book culture and leisure sectors activities for their student groups.

**Why is it?**

To make booking culture and leisure activities easy to all participants:
- help teachers find & enrol their student groups to activities
- help providers (culture and leisure department and partly metropolitan-area ecosystem) to show activities for teachers & their student groups
- gather data (equal possibilities and use to all groups, use of Kuva's work, resource needs etc) for service development

**Who use the service?**

- **Teacher**
  - A school or kindergarten teacher who seeks educational activities for student groups.
- **Provider**
  - A third party or a Culture and Leisure Division (i.e. [KUVA](https://www.hel.fi/fi/kulttuuri-ja-vapaa-aika)) services user who wants to provide activities for teachers & their student groups
- **Admin**
  - A user who manages the system's rights, pages etc.
```

There are multiple types of events:

- **Enrolments can be managed differently**:
  1. Events that are public and does not need any enrolling.
  2. Events that have internal enrolments when the enrolment is done from the Kultus (from Teacher's UI) itself.
  3. Events that have external enrolments. Then Kultus does not know the enrolment status and cannot do any management to them.

- **Enrolments can be automatically or manually approved.** IF the enrolments are approved automatically, the approval is given immediately after the enrolment is sent and the event still had enough space left for the study group that enrolled. If the enrolments are approved manually, the enrolments are managed by the event admins or providers through the Provider's UI.

- **Multiple occurrences might be needed**. When an event is created (in Kultus Provider's UI), the admin can choose whether an enrolment needs multiple occurrences to be chosen. In such events, the registrant must commit to attending the event on multiple event dates. These enrolments are always handled in Kultus internally and are automatically approved.

> - **Enrolments queue** might also be enabled, which means that when an occurrence is fully booked, the study groups can enrol to queue. IF any enrolment cancellations are made or the enrolments are reorganizing by the admins, enrolments in queue can be promoted to the group of actual registrations.

Reviewer: Small grammar fix (Same as in palvelutarjotin-admin PR):
```suggestion
- **Enrolments queue** might also be enabled, which means that when an occurrence is fully booked, the study groups can enrol to queue. IF any enrolment cancellations are made or the enrolments are reorganized by the admins, enrolments in queue can be promoted to the group of actual registrations.
```

##### Running using Docker

Using the following instructions you should be able to:

- Run this UI using Docker & Docker compose
- Run the Kultus backend locally in Docker or use the public test environment's backend

1. Copy [.env.example](./.env.example) file to ./.env file).
    ```shell
    cp .env.example .env
    ```
2. Configure API endpoints
    
    **Kultus API** 
    ```shell
    NEXT_PUBLIC_API_BASE_URL=https://kultus.api.test.hel.ninja/graphql
    ```
    to use the API from the public test environment.
    > NOTE: If you connect to a Docker container from your local computer, you can usually use https://localhost:8081/ to reach the API, but if you connect from a Docker container to another, you should be using the container names like http://kultus-backend:8081/ to reach the API or use http://host.docker.internal:8081/ to connect via your local machine ports.

3. To build and start a docker container, you can use
    **a development build:**
    > NOTE: [compose.yml](./compose.yml) maps some local directories as a volume in order to get a hot reload for the code to work.
    ```shell
    DOCKER_TARGET=development docker compose up --build
    ```

    or 

>     if you want to run **a production build**, you most likely first need to unmap the composer volumes from [compose.yml](./compose.yml), by removing or fully commenting out the following section:

Reviewer: Same thing here as in the palvelutarjotin-admin PR, using compose.yml & compose.override.yml this could possibly be handled without having to make changes to compose.yml file which is committed to the repository. So, an idea for possible further development, not necessary to do in this PR.

Author: > I would be happy to remove the develop stage from dockerfile, remove the volumes mapping totally and make the production build stage the default stage.

https://github.com/City-of-Helsinki/palvelutarjotin-admin/pull/401#discussion_r2065889961

Reviewer: > > I would be happy to remove the develop stage from dockerfile, remove the volumes mapping totally and make the production build stage the default stage.
> 
> [City-of-Helsinki/palvelutarjotin-admin#401 (comment)](https://github.com/City-of-Helsinki/palvelutarjotin-admin/pull/401#discussion_r2065889961)

Let's discuss this live.
